Add details to renderdoc_frame_capture.md (#51483)
flutter/engine: impeller/docs/renderdoc_frame_capture.md

   Building a "debug_unopt" build ensures that you have tracing enabled. Without this, RenderDoc will not have much to show.

> 3. Start RenderDoc using the `qrenderdoc` command, and (if necessary) select "Launch Application" button from the menu:

Reviewer: On Windows this is a normal GUI application that isn't launched from the command line. Should we split into two steps. Something like:

```suggestion
3. Start RenderDoc. On Linux, use the `qrenderdoc` command
4. If necessary, select "Launch Application" button ....
```

Author: I tweaked it a bit for ya. :-)
